Disable Ltac backtraces (#9142)
coq/coq: CHANGES.md

  foo : database`). When the database name is omitted, the hint is added to the
  core database (as previously), but a deprecation warning is emitted.

> - Ltac backtraces can be turned off using the "Ltac Backtrace" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ltac backtraces can be turned on using the "Ltac Backtrace" flag.
```

... since the default is off as you mention below

  foo : database`). When the database name is omitted, the hint is added to the
  core database (as previously), but a deprecation warning is emitted.

> - Ltac backtraces can be turned on using the "Ltac Backtrace" option.

Reviewer: Ah, this is a flag (meaning it is on or off).  Options take values, such as a string or a number.  Certainly a detail, though.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ltac backtraces can be turned on using the `Ltac Backtrace` flag.
```
